In this video I'll explain how de-risk works with me.
It's most at times we may need a place in ESX I host in the maintenance mode if we need to reboot it.
So for example let's say we're using update manager to perform some critical host updates on our ESX
I host.
We have this critical host updates that need to get pushed out and so we choose to stage these two and
ESX I host and then to remediate that ESX I host and maybe that remediate involves a reboot and this
is one of many circumstances in which you may potentially have to reboot and ESX host.
But before you can reboot your host you should always put it in maintenance mode.
Now what is maintenance mode mean.
Well that means that no running virtual machines can be present on this ESX host.
So if we want to place ESX C02 and the maintenance mode we would need to take all the Virgin machines
that are running on the host and we motion them to some other host.
This is the part that DRM can automate for us when we place a host in maintenance mode.
The rest will automatically use the motion to evacuate all of the virtual machines off of that host
and run them on other hosts.
So now we can place a host the maintenance mode at any time with virtual machines running out it and
the rest will evacuate all of those virtual machines for us and place that host in maintenance mode.